docs: add tutorial for MVP demo (#82)
tendermint/farming: docs/Tutorials/demo.md

There are two different farming plan types. One is public and the other one is private. Public farming plan can only be created through on-chain governance proposal meaning that the proposal must be first submitted, agreed, and passed in order for the plan to be created. It allows three different actions, which are adding a new plan, updating the plan, and deleting the plan. 

Unlike public farming plan, private farming plan can be created by anyone with some creation fee. As you can see, there are five different messages. You can create fixed amount plan, ratio plan, stake your coins to participate farming, unstake coins, and harvest your farming rewards. Lastly, there is custom message called MsgAdvanceEpoch and this is customized message just for today's demo. I'll explain more about how to use these messages during the demo. 

1. PublicPlan: can only be created by governance proposal.
    - PublicPlanProposal (A single message accepts three different objects)
        - AddRequestProposal
        - UpdateRequestProposal
        - DeleteRequestProposal
2. PrivatePlan: can be created by anyone (account).
    - MsgCreateFixedAmountPlan
    - MsgCreateRatioPlan

>     - MsgStake
>     - MsgUnstake
>     - MsgHarvest
>     - MsgAdvanceEpoch (Custom message for the demo)

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Common Messages

    - MsgStake
    - MsgUnstake
    - MsgHarvest
    - MsgAdvanceEpoch (Custom message for the demo)
```

$BINARY gentx val1 100000000stake --chain-id $CHAIN_ID --keyring-backend test
$BINARY collect-gentxs

# Modify app.toml
sed -i '' 's/enable = false/enable = true/g' $HOME_FARMINGAPP/config/app.toml
sed -i '' 's/swagger = false/swagger = true/g' $HOME_FARMINGAPP/config/app.toml

# Modify parameters for the governance proposal
sed -i '' 's%"amount": "10000000"%"amount": "1"%g' $HOME_FARMINGAPP/config/genesis.json
sed -i '' 's%"quorum": "0.334000000000000000",%"quorum": "0.000000000000000001",%g' $HOME_FARMINGAPP/config/genesis.json
sed -i '' 's%"threshold": "0.500000000000000000",%"threshold": "0.000000000000000001",%g' $HOME_FARMINGAPP/config/genesis.json
sed -i '' 's%"voting_period": "172800s"%"voting_period": "30s"%g' $HOME_FARMINGAPP/config/genesis.json

# Start
$BINARY start
```

### Step 2. Query Params

Let's see what values are set as farming parameters. 

There are two different types of fee parameters `private_plan_creation_fee` is the fee for private plan creating and `staking_creation_fee` is for when staking coins. These fees are there to prevent from spamming attacks.

> The `epoch_days` is for reward distribution. It is measured in days. So, every UTC 00:00 end blocker calculates rewards and distributes to global reward pool address. Farmers should harvest their rewards from the pool.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `epoch_days` is for reward distribution. It is measured in days. So, EndBlocker on the first block after every UTC 00:00 calculates rewards and distributes to global reward pool address. Farmers should harvest their rewards from the pool.
```
